[doc] PR for Doc changes needed for renaming platform based on the new nomenclature (#12151)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/faq/general.md

Please follow the steps in the [vulnerability disclosure policy](/preview/secure/vulnerability-disclosure-policy) to report a vulnerability to our security team. The policy outlines our commitments to you when you disclose a potential vulnerability, the reporting process, and how we will respond.

> ## How do YugabyteDB, YugabyteDB Anywhere and Yugabyte Cloud differ from each other?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How do YugabyteDB, YugabyteDB Anywhere, and YugabyteDB Managed differ from each other?
```

[YugabyteDB](../../quick-start/) is the 100% open source core database. It is the best choice for the startup organizations with strong technical operations expertise looking to deploy to production with traditional DevOps tools.

[YugabyteDB Anywhere](../../yugabyte-platform/overview/) is commercial software for running a self-managed YugabyteDB-as-a-Service. It has built-in cloud native operations, enterprise-grade deployment options and world-class support. It is the simplest way to run YugabyteDB in mission-critical production environments with one or more regions (across both public cloud and on-premises data centers).

> [Yugabyte Cloud](../../yugabyte-cloud/cloud-quickstart/) is Yugabyte's fully-managed cloud service on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). [Sign up](https://www.yugabyte.com/cloud/) to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[YugabyteDB Managed](../../yugabyte-cloud/cloud-quickstart/) is Yugabyte's fully-managed cloud service on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). [Sign up](https://www.yugabyte.com/cloud/) to get started.
```
